Design/Layout side:

1. Clean skins - make 1-2 default Web 2.0 skins with tabless, valid CSS+XHTML, also put all skin related files in skin folder, like upload form etc.etc.
2. Tidy up and clean Admin panel - must admit admin panel is really messed up right now, a Joomla-alike layout would be nice, again with abless, valid CSS+XHTML design.
3. rewrite log in panel and get rid off stupid Javascript menu - it would be really nice if log in panel will become horizontal and only after being logged in user could see his/her balance, uploaded files count, current bandwith etc.etc.
4. create skin for mobile devices - so script automatically detects mobile device and switchs to non-image, text based interface with one form, user can enter file ID in that form and download file in mobile phone.
5. completly move all language strings from being hard-coded to one single language file
6. stats in admin panel - like: how much files uploaded today, total users, how many users registered today, how many users downloading/uploading currently etc, etc.
7. server load information in admin panel - also how much space left on server(s) and how much files hosting currently/




Server side:

1. Small System configuration checker script, this script will allow users to pre-check their servers if they can fully suppot xtrafile script (Technical requarments)
2. recomended PHP.ini, Apache.conf, and My.cfg settings for best perfomance
3. really nice Readmy file and instalation wizard
5. better SEO url
	5.1 http://www.yoursite.com/id?=ds5a5d64sa465sda46sd5a
	5.2 http://www.yoursite.com/some_file_uploaded.rar
6. it would be nifty if all uploaded files had some blacklist tool, so if some file like: good_pr0n.rar gets uploaded script automatically renames it to good_love.rar
7. integrate to some popular forum software like - IPB, vBulleting etc.
8. Duplicate file to mirror server - duplicate one file to second server, which will be used as mirror, when downloading user will be offered two options: download from main server, or download from mirror server, rsync is not a MUST cause in that case huge load will occur, maybe the good idea will be to allow users manually duplicate (from control panel) already uploaded files that have more than X downloads. That will make sure that only popular content gets mirrored, or it can do it automaticly






Tools:

1. Optional Resume upload possibility for upload app
2. Yabsoft's Mega file hosting script* to XTRAFILE convertor script. This will generate lots of users for xtrafile and lots of proSupport users.





Functionality:

1. New payment gateways such as:
	1.1 http://www.cashu.com/
	1.2 http://www.wmtransfer.com/eng/merchants/index.shtml
	1.3 and maybe selling "pre-payed codes" (Coupons, Vouchers) that would be really nice
2. Download credits to give users ability to purchase not only subscription plans but also for example: 100 downloads. so if user downloads 100 files his premiume will expire.
3. Points targeting
	3.1 users will ONLY gain points if their file is downliaded by premium user and/or from specefic country
	3.2 generated points can be used to convert to extending/new premium account or money/gift etc.
4. Tagging uploads and tag cloud
to give users ability to TAG their files with some words, than on frontpage there would be tag cloud with all the popular words + most popular words will be bigger in size. This tag claud must have blacklist thing as well, to block/replace words such as pr0n, sex etc.etc.
5. better ad manager
	5.1 set time on how long a add will be posted
	5.2 ad features for google and yahoo advertising
6. auto beckup - admin can set when and where to send autmatically created database beckups.
7. Text link to download or button form to download - make it optionable, also text based count down
8. Last logged in IP in admin panel - a great security tool that every gr8 script should have
9. remote upload form for websites - a simple HTML code that webmasters could post on their websites to allow people upload to your server, results must be displayed on the same site.
10. Uploaders account - like collectors zone
11. Downloading/Uploading Happy Hours - You can set "Rules" for the hours such as the following examples:
	11.1 Between 3PM and 5PM -> No Wait Time, 2X Download/speed Limit
	11.2 Every Tuesday-> No Upload File size or type/speed restrictions.
	11.3 every 15th of the month no limits on Uploading/Downloading
12. Uploading of "File Packs" - i think that must be optionable, as it will be CPU consuming.
13. Choose which server to upload to - Have the option to choose which server you want to upload to if there is multiple servers, Also have special 'premium' servers which only premium users can use.
14. multi file upload - for example we can set unregistered user can upload 2 files at once only, but premium can upload 10 files at once
15. Limit upload speed as well - some users have huge upload speeds
16. your ip is already downloading a file - users can downlad one file at once and you can set the number and the premium can download unlimited files at once
17. Max Slots Of Downloads Per Country - Add This Feature To User Groups Or Somewhere & aDD sOME 10 Country's And Giv Us There Blank So We Can Adjust Slots Like If US Country Then I Will Enter "500" Slots Then Only 500 Users At A Time From All Over Us Country Will Be Available To Download And Others Then 500 Users Of That Country Will Have To Wait Upto The Slots Get Freee
18. Wait time based on file size - bigger file is, more wait time
19. Wait time based on load - if lots of people are downloading then there will be wait time, more people - more wait time